tempering the snake to him all
but
hi everyone i'm a hologram of steve jobs
I have an apple here for me to present
You need a new iphone 6 because
that their new director promenade 100 and
never be the same day im gaggia
I want to say seriously guys but who
generally knows his name you about Tim cook
Nizhoto return back
let's talk about iphone 6 and iphone 6
fully updated and received new
additions.
after all how is it using unbreakable and
foaming
. in this phone works like new
anything can happen therefore
new n6 fully waterproof o
big twists
one more proof he became much
faster these y stand out significantly from
past models of fixtures quickly
if you don't understand let's replace 500
just so you can see the difference
completely changed the rules of the game
let's make some vater sinuses
hey what the hell no longer can you
make normal photos
redesigned rear camera and running
only frontal because murky you
just need to sit down to sing in kind and fold
the filter is different to be set
buildings
in fact we are very company
like this brighter trend link so
when you take your phone camera
higher enabled let's talk about
the most terrific updates
this light will burn them much easier
use than a regular cigarette lighter here
so what are you doing this mingo is not it
the light seriously so dumb
it glorified to expect Russian cookies times
fill it all with this team cook and you
he himself appointed you for it doesn't matter just
look at the bottom of the prohibiting screen
iphone 6s and iphone 6 and iphone 6 and iphone
there's nothing dude okay this
this is rye bread
it tastes like a microwave and it was n’t
I use it in several places
you just stunning iphone 6 galaxy
.
app new fitness apps
on the screen all your fat are highlighted
deposits these parts make watt
ugly as set foot in kind and except
counting calories she will divide your
until the last you sure you want it
your same day before syria keeper hungry
it's now much easier to have
self control and last we did
better update which dreamed more with
from the very beginning all samsung phones
galaxy burn in a radius of 500 meters so
what did we learn new iphone 6 not
very different and empty
waste of money
thanks but apple CEO there cop
Omoibog is the last time his name is
hologram can be put for murder yes
Yes, apparently to iphone6
dear unreliable but you don't care
you love his translation and voice acting biysk not
forgotten potiche video to yourself so that
our group you can contact vk.com
flash you can her past mistakes in the shop
which was iphone 5 link on this
video 2 you can look for them and watch
subscribed channel signing